HybridFeatureSelection class (#2)
dwavesystems/dwave-scikit-learn-plugin: README.md

[![PyPI](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/dwave-scikit-learn-plugin.svg)](https://pypi.python.org/pypi/dwave-scikit-learn-plugin)
[![CircleCI](https://dl.circleci.com/status-badge/img/gh/dwavesystems/dwave-scikit-learn-plugin/tree/main.svg?style=svg)](https://dl.circleci.com/status-badge/redirect/gh/dwavesystems/dwave-scikit-learn-plugin)

# D-Wave `scikit-learn` Plugin

This package provides a `scikit-learn` transformer for 
[feature selection](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feature_selection) using a quantum-classical hybrid solver. 

For an introduction to hybrid methods for feature selection, see the [Feature Selection example](https://github.com/dwave-examples/feature-selection-notebook) Jupyter Notebook.

> The package's main class, `sklearn.feature_selection.SelectorMixin`, can be used in any existing `sklearn` pipeline.

Reviewer: I think you mean to point to `SelectFromQuadraticModel` here

## Examples

A minimal example of using the plugin: 

```python

> from dwave.plugins.sklearn.transformers import SelectFromQuadraticModel

Reviewer: Import order.

> # dwave-scikit-learn-plugin

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# D-Wave `scikit-learn` Plugin
```

We do mostly use the package name as the title here but where the package name is less intuitive we make exceptions, for example [D-Wave NetworkX](url). This package name does not quite roll off one's tongue.

> # dwave-scikit-learn-plugin

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# D-Wave `scikit-learn` Plugin
```

We do mostly use the package name as the title here but where the package name is less intuitive we make exceptions, for example [D-Wave NetworkX](url). This package name does not quite roll off one's tongue.

> This package contains a `sci-kit learn` transformer which does hybrid feature selection. For more information about the hybrid feature selection method, see the [example notebook](https://github.com/dwave-examples/feature-selection-notebook).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This package provides a `scikit-learn` transformer for 
[feature selection](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Feature_selection) using a quantum-classical hybrid solver. 

For an introduction to hybrid methods for feature selection, see the [Feature Selection example](https://github.com/dwave-examples/feature-selection-notebook) Jupyter Notebook.
```

* [scikit](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/) write it "scikit-learn"
* Try to keep lines below 100 chars
* I don't think we should introduce a new "hybrid feature selection" terminology, we're applying a quantum-classical hybrid solution method to the classical problem of feature selection

> 
> ## Examples
> 
> The main class is a `sklearn.feature_selection.SelectorMixin` and so can be used in any existing sklearn pipeline.
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

The package's main class, `sklearn.feature_selection.SelectorMixin`, can be used in any existing `sklearn` pipeline.

## Examples

```

> A minimal example of using the hybrid feature selection: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A minimal example of using the plugin: 
```

```python
from dwave.plugins.sklearn.transformers import HybridFeatureSelection
import numpy as np

# generate uniformly random data, 10,000 observations and 300 features 

> data = np.random.uniform(-10,10, size = (10000,300))

Reviewer: Unresolving, this still has the incorrect spacing.

outcome =  np.array([int(i) for i in (np.random.uniform(0,1, size = (10000,1)) > .5)])

# instantiate the feature selection class
selector = HybridFeatureSelection()

> # do hybrid feature selection 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# solve the feature-selection problem 
```

data_transformed = selector.fit_transform(data, outcome)
```

> Sometimes the resulting [constrained quadratic model](https://docs.ocean.dwavesys.com/en/stable/docs_dimod/reference/models.html#module-dimod.constrained.constrained) is too large to be solved in the default time limit, in which case the resutling error will tell you of the minimum appropriate time limit. The feature selector can be re-instantiated with a longer time limit 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For large problems, the default runtime may be insufficient. You can use the CQM solvers's 
[`min_time_limit`](https://docs.ocean.dwavesys.com/en/stable/docs_system/reference/generated/dwave.system.samplers.LeapHybridCQMSampler.min_time_limit.html)
method to find the minimum accepted runtime for your problem; alternatively, simply submit as above 
and check the returned error message for the required runtime. 

The feature selector can be re-instantiated with a longer time limit.
```

Ocean's [contributing guide](https://docs.ocean.dwavesys.com/en/stable/contributing.html)
has guidelines for contributing to Ocean packages.

> This package uses `black` for python formatting. Before commiting changes run 

Reviewer: Does it? Unless we enforce it in CI then I don't think we do. I also don't think we should.

```bash
black file-changed.py
```

> T

Reviewer 2: T?
